# StockBookPro_v1
 
Every office maintains a stock book for keeping track of its incoming and outgoing commodities. The software stock book pro is developed keeping this in view. 
It offers flexibility with high security. Written below are few facilities provided by it:

1) It provides user authentication. User needs to login before using the software. Every successful and unsuccessful login information is saved for checking any unauthorized access.

2) It has different domains. There is an administrator domain with higher access privileges of the software like modification of login details, database backup, creating and deleting of user domains, etc.

3) All modification user details are saved. If any user creates a new stock record, modifies a record or deletes a record then his user details and operation time will be saved so as to track any unauthorized access.

4) Backup Database: The database can be backup up by a member of the administrator domain. The user information and the path where it is saved is also saved.

5) Restore Database: The previously backed up database can be restored by a member of the administrator domain, user info and restore database info is also saved.

6) Scheduled backup of database. A backup of the software is automatically saved after every seven days of software usage. In order to avoid accidental loss of information due to windows crash the backups are not placed on windows drive.

7) Logout option. In case of leaving unsaved information open, the user can just logout of the software and keep the software status unchanged until next login.

8) User account creation: Only the member of the administrator domain can create a new user id, a new domain, delete a domain, create a new critical input and delete a critical input.

9) Few Restrictions: Once a stock book entry is made there cannot be any other entry made before that entry. If an earlier entry needs to be modified then the latest entries before the faulty entry is to be deleted or else editing is not possible. But all this information will be saved so there is no provision for unauthorized modification. Moreover the stock record is created by any other domain member but it can be deleted only by the member of the Administrator domain.

10) Stock book statement: Periodic statements of the all critical inputs or selective critical inputs can be generated and printed for use.

Given below are the screenshots of the software and the report generated by it.
